Added documentation for webhook (#647)
jenkinsci/kubernetes-operator: website/content/en/docs/Installation/_index.md

* jenkins-home
* scripts
* init-configuration
* operator-credentials

> ## Validating Webhook 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Security warnings in plugins
```

> You can also have a validating webhook which can be used to validate security warnings in plugins. It can be easily installed via helm charts by setting webhook.enabled in values.yaml or in the command line flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A validating webhook can be used in order to increase monitoring capabilities of the security issues. It will look for security vulnerabilities in the base and requested plugins. It can be easily installed via helm charts by setting webhook.enabled in values.yaml. If the installation happens with yamls, please provide additional fields:
```yaml
HERE OPERATOR YAML
```
```

>webhook.enabled=true

Also, you can deploy it via kubectl manifests,  

> To enable security validation in the jenkins custom resource set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable security validation in the Jenkins Custom Resource set
```

>jenkins.ValidateSecurityWarnings=true

> **Note**: The webhook takes some time to get up and running,also when helm renders the template the validating webhook configuration is applied at last, hence if the user wants to deploy a jenkins custom resource with validation turned on, he needs to wait for sometime. After the webhook is up and running the user can deploy the jenkins custom resource using *helm* or *kubectl* 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The webhook takes some time to get up and running. It's recommended to first deploy Operator and later Jenkins Custom Resource by using toggles in values.yaml.
```
